Add on_move Entity Event for Scarpet (#1096)
gnembon/fabric-carpet: docs/scarpet/api/Entities.md

The following events can be handled by entities:

*   `'on_tick'`: executes every tick right before the entity is ticked in the game. Required arguments: `entity`

> *   `'on_move'`: executes every time an entity changes position, at the end of the `setPos()` method. Required arguments: `entity, velocity, pos1, pos2`

Reviewer: I suggest not include implementation details in the documentation, but add information that might be important to the implementer
```suggestion
*   `'on_move'`: executes every time an entity changes position, invoked just after it has been moved to the new position. Required arguments: `entity, velocity, pos1, pos2`
```

> *   `'on_move'`: executes every time an entity changes position, invoked just after it has been moved to the new position. Required arguments: `entity, velocity, pos1, pos2`

Reviewer 2: Suggest renaming `pos1`and `pos2` to `prev_pos` and `new_pos` to make it more explicit?
